README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Enumerables

> In this project we recreated some of the enumerable module methods

In this project we re-created multiple methods from the enumerable module, applying concepts like block and Proc in our methods. We re-created our own versions of the #each, #each_with_index, #select, #all?, #any?, #none?, #count, #map, #inject methods.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Live Example

- [Repl.it link](https://repl.it/@StarSheriff2/Enumerables-Finished).

## Authors

👤 **Arturo Alvarez**

- GitHub: [@StarSheriff2](https://github.com/StarSheriff2)
- Twitter: [@Turo_83](https://twitter.com/Turo_83)
- LinkedIn: [Carlos Alvarez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlosalvarezveroy/)

👤 **Chi Abongwa Joel**

- GitHub: [@abongsjoel](https://github.com/abongsjoel)
- Twitter: [@thierryjoel10](https://twitter.com/ThierryJoel10)
- LinkedIn: [Chi Abongwa Joel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chi-abongwa-joel-b4285a97/)

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/StarSheriff2/bubble-sort/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

edit README.md file and require_relative path for enumerables_spec.rb

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Enumerables

> In this project we recreated some of the enumerable module methods

In this project we re-created multiple methods from the enumerable module, applying concepts like block and Proc in our methods. We re-created our own versions of the #each, #each_with_index, #select, #all?, #any?, #none?, #count, #map, #inject methods.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Setup

1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. If you don't have git installed in your system, skip this step and go to step 3. If you do have git installed in your system, clone this repository to your computer in any directory you want by copying this text into your command prompt/terminal: `git clone https://github.com/StarSheriff2/Enumerables.git`. Now go to step 6.
3. If you don't have git installed in your system, you can download the project files. To do this, click on the green button that says "**Code**", on the upper right side of the project frame.
4. You will see a dropdown menu. Click on "**Download ZIP**".
5. Go to the directory where you downloaded the **ZIP file** and open it. Extract its contents to any directory you want in your system.
6. If you are not in your system terminal/command prompt already, please open it and go to the directory where you cloned the remote repository or extracted the project files.
7. While in the root directory, type `bundle install`. This will install Rspec in your system, in case you don't have it installed already. (It also installs Rubocop; however, this gem is not necessary to make the project work).

## Rspec Testing

To run the Rspec tests do the following:
- Open your terminal and go to the project's root directory
- Type this `rspec --format doc` to see test results

## Live Example

- [Repl.it link](https://repl.it/@StarSheriff2/Enumerables-Finished).

## Authors

👤 **Arturo Alvarez**

- GitHub: [@StarSheriff2](https://github.com/StarSheriff2)
- Twitter: [@Turo_83](https://twitter.com/Turo_83)
- LinkedIn: [Carlos Alvarez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/carlosalvarezveroy/)

👤 **Chi Abongwa Joel**

- GitHub: [@abongsjoel](https://github.com/abongsjoel)
- Twitter: [@thierryjoel10](https://twitter.com/ThierryJoel10)
- LinkedIn: [Chi Abongwa Joel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chi-abongwa-joel-b4285a97/)

## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/StarSheriff2/bubble-sort/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
